throughout the history of computers
within striving to shorten the gap
between us and digital information the
gap between our physical world and the
world in the screen where our
imagination can go wild and this gap has
become shorter shorter and even shorter
and now this gap is shortened down to
less than a millimeter the thickness of
a touchscreen glass and the power of
computing has become accessible to
everyone but I wondered what if there
could be no boundary at all I started to
imagine what this would look like first
I created this tool which penetrates
into the digital space so when you press
it hard on the screen it transfers its
physical volley into pixels designers
can materialize their ideas directly in
3d surgeons can practice at virtual
audience underneath the screen so with
this tool this boundary has been broken
but our two hands still remain outside
the screen then how can you reach inside
and interact with the digital
information using full dexterity of our
hands at Microsoft Applied Sciences
along with my mentor Karim lunch I
redesigned the computer and turned a
little space above the keyboard to a
digital workspace by combining a
transparent display and depth cameras
presenting your fingers and face now you
can lift up your hands from the keyboard
and reach inside this 3d space and grab
pixels with your bare hands because
window windows and files have the
position in the real space selecting
them is as easy as grabbing a book of
your shelf then you can flip through
this book while highlighting the lines
words on the virtual touchpad below its
floating window Architects
can stretch or rotate the models with
their two hands directly so in these
examples we are reaching into the
digital world but how about reversing is
wrong and having the digital information
rich
instead I'm sure many of us have the
experience of buying and returning items
online but now you don't have to worry
about it
what I got here is an online automatic
fitting room this is a view that you get
from head mounted or see-through display
when the system understands the geometry
of your body taking this idea further I
started to think instead of just seeing
these pixels in our space how can we
make it physical so that we can touch
and feel it what would such a future
look like at MIT Media Lab along with my
advisor Shiro Ishii and my collaborator
Remy post we created this one physical
pixel well in this case the spherical
magnet acts like a 3d pixel in our space
which means that both computers and
people can move this object to anywhere
within this little 3d space what we did
was essentially canceling gravity and
controlling the movement by combining
magnetic levitation and mechanical
actuation and sensing technologies and
by digitally programming the object we
were liberating the object from
constraints of time and space which
means that now human motions can be
recorded and played back and left
permanently in the physical world so
choreography can be taught physically
over distance and Michael Jordan's
famous story can be replicated over and
over as a physical reality students can
use this as a tool to learn about the
complex concepts such as the planetary
motion physics and online computer
screens or textbooks this is the real
tangible experience that you can touch
and feel and it's very powerful and
what's more exciting than just turning
what's currently in the computer
physical is to start imagining how
programming the world will alter even
our daily physical activities
as you can see the digital information
will not just show us something but it
will start directly acting appearance as
a part of our physical surroundings
without disconnecting ourselves from our
world today we started by talking about
the boundary but if you remove this
boundary the only boundary left is our
imagination thank you
[Applause]